So, you did it you did it I'm so
proud of you you listen to me drone on
about SQL for literally hours,
you deserve a badge, a metal,
pat on the back,
a hug whatever you need treat yourself.
So, It's what I'm saying.
This is a lot of information to
come at you all at once, but
I'm going to assert now that you have a
pretty good working knowledge of how to be
a developer with SQL.
I'm gonna say that you probably now have,
more knowledge than a lot of
seasoned developers about SQL,
because most developers don't bother
to go in and learn their tools, right?
They just kind of learn by necessity and
don't bother digging
any further than that.
I think what you did is better.
I think this is going make
you a better developer and
I think you can do 95% of the surface
area of SQL, you can all do here.
There's ways to grow and continue in
advance on this learn more about all
the various different inner workings, but
this is a really good working knowledge
for an application developer.
So some final thoughts Almost all of
what you learned with some exceptions
like JSON B applies to MySQL,
Oracle SQL Lite, SQL Server.
SQL is a general spec.
All these things generally
apply across most of these.
Many of them like copy and
paste as well as is into other databases.
If it's not that, it's minor modification.
This course was exclusively
focused on using a database and
not setting up a database.
If you wanna do things like sharding and
running multiple databases there like ops,
classes that you should take, and
I'm just not qualified to teach
on those kinds of things.
We didn't cover ORMs.
We talked a little bit about that.
I tend to not use them because
I tend to fight them more than
like it's really useful if like
you're in their happy path, and
it's miserable if you're
outside of the happy paths.
I would rather just be a little
uncomfortable all the time rather than
have to fight it.
I don't like tools that I have
to fight In other words, so
I don't use RMS hardly ever.
But that's a decision for
you and your team to make.
And then we didn't talk a ton about
execution order that might be something
that for you to go look into.
That's just like when does a select happen
versus Windows aware happened versus one
of the order by happen again?
For 99%, of course, other than the having
section, you didn't have to care and
you probably still don't have to care.
So you can just kind of tackle
that when you get there.
The last thing I have for
you is our last challenge I have for
you as application developers,
you have this now movie database
that you're now very familiar with.
I would like you all to
go make a movie website.
I don't have them on the website or
on the site yet
by the time this gets posted we'll have
it there actually have designs for
you That you can actually go and
adhere to.
So, but you have to write the CSS and
JavaScript, I'm not doing that for
you this time.
You got it once,
you're not getting it twice.
Make a movie database,
you also don't have to use my designs.
But it was done by a professional design.
The design like the course website,
design the rest of your website.
I think I melted everyone's brain.
There's not a lot left.
I sympathize I was here too.
So there's not a lot left in my
brain either, but yeah thank you.
Appreciate it.
>> [APPLAUSE]